Good afternoon
I am from Ukraine, the city of Khmelnitsky, the wax
city of Russia,
and you will support a special military
operation also like super. And they don’t go to the military registration and enlistment office
. Why, in old age, how old are
you 62 62 Wow old
?
another helps the fighters fry potatoes there, a
man, I’ll figure it out What they’ll call for this
I understand, I understand In short, you
won’t go for war But look, I still can’t
understand such a thing, how the President of the
Russian Federation, the Grand Constitution of the
Supreme Commander-in-Chief, Vladimir
Putin gave the Russian
city of Kherson according to your Constitution  Ukraine, you
don’t even understand what will happen
there, I don’t understand
what will happen
when we arrive and yours and yours,
whoever didn’t run into it, we’ll throw the Dnieper into the river
And when you get there and how And
this is a secret of the company
This is a cool version I haven’t heard the
secret yet  firms and only you The Lord of this
secret yes,
well, that’s the very thing, well, how does it
happen that Russia Vr  such a powerful country but it turned out to be spectators near Kyiv ran away near Kharkov ran away under sums ran away across Chernihiv run away now near Kherson ran away How so Why Why did the Americans tell you I don’t know Wait it turns out to you the Americans Constantly say Get out of there Get out of there and go away man man Please tell me Why make your Donbass heavier? Look again. Wait. It turns out that the Americans are telling you the secret of the company. Only this dude knows the secret. The real secret. Why they left and then something will happen later. Because the Americans. you left Kherson, then the naughty sum of Chernigov Kharkov, they have all this agreement on all people